Since I was a child, I have always loved working with computers, but I didn’t realize my actual love for it until this year. It was this summer that I had decided to apply and attend a two-week coding camp called Kode With Klossy for young women ages thirteen to eighteen. Everything went by like a flash. I was so deeply engaged in coding, that I completely lost track of time each day. I loved being a sponge and grasping in all the knowledge, being taught by the instructors ,and the instructor assistants within an 8-hour duration, each day. The reason I adore exploring this field so much, is because of the endless possibilities one can create. In addition, I like being faced with challenging problems so I can expand my skill set.

To begin with, coding makes me lose track of time because it makes me feel empowered to essentially create something out of thin air. It turns an idea in our minds into a product, in real life, that is useful to you and/or other people. When I was attending Kode With Klossy, I never wanted the lesson to end, whether it was the end of the day or time for a simple lunch break. I was so engaged that I didn’t want to move away from my desk and laptop ever. Coding is also one of the many ways that can assist in making people’s lives easier. For example, if we need food delivered to our doorstep, there are many apps such as UberEats and Postmates. I find myself lost in coding many times because I want to know how I can solve real world issues. Lately, I have also been reading about applying artificial intelligence to area such as disease diagnosis and eradication, which greatly enhance the benefits of the field of computer science

On a personal note, looking back at my own childhood, growing up in India, at a time when the information technology revolution was taking place, I am able to now appreciate the immense benefits, that the industry brought about, and the problems it helped solve, to many, mostly poor people. Tedious and time consuming tasks such as working with the civic administartion etc., became so much easier, after being computerized. This helped especially women, whose lives became easier

Furthermore, coding captivates me because it provides a sense of control in all aspects of the project and it technically listens to you. I can fully customize it to the way I want it to be. When I write a series of code, I get to experience all of the features that compose together to generate a project and see it come to life. The satisfaction I receive when it comes to fruition is indescribable. To design something truly from scratch has its own reward. However, whenever I would be faced with an obstacle, I would turn to my instructors or instructor assistants for help. They always inspired me to challenge myself and look beyond what is already given to you. They never told me the answer directly. Instead, they encouraged me to review the lines of code, to navigate the error myself, and find a solution. If I am at home, I would sometimes ask my dad as he is a software engineer. Whenever I had trouble with anything regarding technology, he would always help me, and explain the solution to me, so I can improve the next time. I get to learn from my mistakes because of the people that encourage me to do my best.

Overall, coding enables me to unleash my creativity that enthralls me to do this activity for hours on end. I have immense love for coding and it fascinates me every single time. It enables me to believe that everything is possible; Coding makes a massive influence that requires a creative mind, bent towards problem solving.  It's a combination of practicality and creativity. It excites me whenever I work on a project or faced with solving an challenge. I absolutely adore utilizing my problem-solving skills in order to decode the puzzle. Honestly, I don’t just like coding, I love it to a great extent. Substantially, I have acquired a deep fondness for a programming language this summer that I had never thought would have developed. It captivates me so much to the point where I stop caring about time spent on a screen and I also love being able to turn to my father whenever I want to learn more. I am very hopeful that I can carryforward my enthusiasm, energy and hopes to the next level, by aquiring and utilizing more advanced skills in the field of Computer Science